NOTE: this  lab follows the discussion  in Section 3.1.6 to  3.1.10 in
the book  "Parallel Programming and  Optimization with Intel  Xeon Phi
Coprocessors", second  edition (2015).   The book  can be  obtained at
xeonphi.com/book

In   this  exercise,   you  will   learn  the   basics  of   automatic
vectorization.

0.  One useful  tool that  Intel C/C++  compiler offers  for automatic
   vectorization is  the opimization report. The  full report contains
   information about optimizations,  including vectorization, that the
   compiler  applied.  Study  the OPTFLAGS  variable in  the Makefile,
   then compile using "make" to produce the optimization report.  Then
   in the  optimization report for "vectorization.cc",  check that the
   loop labeled "addition" is vectorized.

1. Insert  the appropriate pragma in  front of the "addition"  loop to
   disable vectorization  for that  loop. Use the  optimization report
   again to check that the loop was in fact not vectorized.

2.  Experiment  with  other  functions to  see  which  functions  have
   vectorization support.  For example,  add an "if"  statement inside
   the loop to introduce masked  operations.  Also compile for the MIC
   architecture  to   see  the  vectorization  support   for  the  MIC
   architecture.

3. Check the loop containing my_scalar_add() in "vectorization.optrpt"
   to see if they was vectorized.

   Vectorize  the loop  containing  my_scalar_add()  by modifying  the
   function signature  of my_scalar_add()  in "worker.cc".   Check the
   optimization report to confirm the results.

   Functions   like  my_scalar_add(),   which   can  be   used  in   a
   data-parallel   manner,  are   collectively  called   "SIMD-Enabled
   Functions".

4. Check the  loop in my_vector_add() in "worker.optrpt" to  see if it
   was vectorized.

   Note:  For my_vector_add(),  you will  see that  the compiler  uses
   	 "Multiversioning"  to  produce  two implementations  for  the
   	 loop. In such  cases compiler inserts a run-time  test in the
   	 executable  to  determine  which  implementation  to  use  at
   	 run-time.

   Can  you  explain reasoning  behind  why  the compiler  implemented
   multiversioning?

   Prevent  the compiler from  using Multiversioning by  using #pragma
   ivdep.  Check the optimization report to confirm the results.

5. #pragma ivdep  is  specific for  a  loop,  so  any subsequent  loop
   without this pragma may not be  vectorized. To declare that the two
   inout arrays are unique and  do not overlap, the restrict qualifier
   can be used.
   
   Prevent  the   compiler  from   using  Multiversioning   by  adding
   "restrict" to the function signature of my_vector_add().  Note that
   you will need to add an additional flag to the Makefile.  Check the
   optimization report to confirm the results.

